mc updates for RELEASE.2022-12-02T23-48-47Z (#667)
minio/docs: source/operations/troubleshooting.rst

Logs
----

> Use the subcommands for ``mc support callhome`` to :mc:`~mc support callhome enable` or :mc:`~mc support callhome disable` the submission of MinIO logs to SUBNET.
> You can also use :mc:`mc support callhome status` to check if a log submission is in progress.

Reviewer: I'd just drop the lead and say something like

```suggestion
Use :mc:`mc support callhome enable` to start automatically uploading deployment logs to SUBNET for analysis.
Use :mc:`mc support callhome status` to check the status of log upload.
You can disable upload at any time using :mc:`mc support callhome disable`.
```

Author: Good suggestion. Done.

Use :mc:`mc admin logs` command to display logs from the command line.

> Use the parameter flags for the :mc:`mc admin logs` command to limit the displayed logs by type or quantity.

Reviewer: Feels odd to lead with this without stating the flags. I'd drop it, or maybe say something like "The logs command supports filters for further limiting log output."

Author: 👍
